sup hey you want to be my pen pal yeah
you know it why did you turn into a
valley chick all of a sudden I got to
get weird man oh yeah I use some split
personality tight fucking weirdo yeah
there and I got uh yeah I got good jokes
no you don't
hey there's there's it's gonna settle
around Sarah that door Sarah you sound
like a Furby if it was a pervy 45 when I
killed him he was like when I killed him
he was like you're gonna wake up
sleepyhead damn yeah Dave wake the fuck
up
hahahaha fuckin talking to your nose and
shit now I've been drinking I've been
drinking
you're not very nice I'm very nice
person are you kidding me mean um I am
NOT mean why does everyone think I'm
mean I'm like so friends you have no
friends anymore
what do you mean I have lots of friends
I almost have a hundred thousand friends
Yeah right yeah I out with porn no I
almost have a hunt why wouldn't anybody
have that many friends when they're born
were they like Janet Jackson's baby over
the years like you had the people in
heaven like your friends now they all
hate you
why would it be in heaven when I'm born
that's when you die you're fucking
confused cuz it's all your great great
ancestors that died over the years
they're looking at they're like great
fucking grandchild and I had a hundred
thousand of them damn I'm like a child
of Earth but they still fucking hate you
no I'm not seriously I almost have a
hundred thousand friends on Facebook
know on YouTube dragon lamb shader bro
what's that an auto blowjob machine its
robotic you would make something like
that you don't sound like you have very
much luck dating yeah there was the fuck
doesn't when they automate it blowjob I
mean I don't if it's coming from a
machine I don't want to fuck my toaster
should just you'll just have to check
out the channel you Chelsea no I'm good
man
I don't like making love to appliances
that kind of weirds me out that other
people don't mind you would be amazed
you fuck you fuck things without a
heartbeat does that feel weird no it
fucks me whoa
I don't know see that was my joke a joke
your jokes aren't jokes they're weird
admissions yeah but it's really not a
mission I don't fuck bro
now we don't believe you you doesn't set
it and fuck that I didn't like when I
was playing I was just seeing his
screened on psychos looks like it's
lagging bad for a second you sound like
you smoke 9,000 packs of cigarettes a
day
how much do you smoke I'll time actually
looking like Whoopi if I go on a
drinking binge and I'll smoke like Tupac
come on you know I think the binge
drinking is worse for you than the
smoking right no you got me a guinea
bitch yeah like I got a good job that
works me out shit like and what's your
job creating machines that fuck human
beings over the next two days we gotta
live between me another guy 20 tons of
rock are you lift rocks for a living yes
on school computers
that's an odd combination to tell you
the truth lifting rocks and fixing
computers yeah I'm an odd kind of guy I
guess I mean that's fucking interesting
to tell you the truth you're like the
Fred Flintstone of PC repair get it okay
yeah cuz my mind is like a Jedi miner
and why would I want to be a coal miner
fuck the end table well now you got to
think about the second job though for
why it would be a crazy call why would
you want to jobs I wish I didn't have
one I just wish I could do what I liked
to do and you don't like lifting rocks
and fixing computers I like pictures of
computers I don't like lifting the rocks
for real though like are you being
sarcastic without lifting rocks I didn't
know that humans could even do that
because the rocks are so heavy
job do you know I was being pretty
serious I mean how do you look I mean
where do these rocks where do you lift
them and why do you do that
aren't there machines that could do much
a much easier job and far from the city
dude I'm out in the middle of the sticks
and that's what we do we get rocks to
make them work kristan work jobs like oh
so you go find rocks so you're just not
sitting there at a pile of rocks and
lifting them onto a truck you're going
to like find them you're like in a rock
acquirer we're going for what the main
corporations what kind of rock they want
like big William we'll see you and
lifting rocks that was a massive
oversimplification I knew you're fuckin
lyin I knew there was no way that
someone fixed rocks or lifted rocks and
fucking fix computers I've got a soft
diet so this conversation doesn't happen
that's why we need is you need to stop
dying so we win fuck this conversation
Aaron and Flicka traveled all day I
don't know motherfucker said he fixed
rocks or fucking fixed Rock said he
lifted rocks all right so are you like
the Tim Robbins a fucking Shawshank
Prison or some shit
do you like you like do you know like
all the best rocks and shit yeah I'm a
rock picker are you Andy Dufresne so are
you gonna go check out rocks tomorrow
cause fuck no just go look in your
driveway different gravels now I'm good
all right I would want to take that from
you what you tell me you you you how
about you just shut the fuck up how
about you quit suckin dick forget stuff
why you why are you thinking about me
and doing that man it's all dudes here
man because it's all due June a room
full of dudes you're a queer bait you're
a queer bait you're the only one here
who sucks dick you're queer bait you're
the one talking about a bunch of dick
sucking just point that out sucking the
dig I can talk about it but you're the
one doing it why would you want to talk
about it
why would you want to do it you talk
about dudes suckin dick a lot seems like
the answer that question is yes
motherfuckers mad cuz I got better
comebacks and he does fucking Stu are
you kidding me your comeback suck
challenge me you don't know who you're
fucking with you bitch I will destroy
you I woulda show you like a bug does
when it gets fucking squished by a
dictionary